feat(receiver/apache)!: enable feature gates by default (#839)
SumoLogic/sumologic-otel-collector: docs/upgrading.md

    install_token: ${SUMOLOGIC_INSTALL_TOKEN}
```

### `apache` receiver: turn on feature gates for resource attributes

The metrics in this receiver are now being sent with two resource attributes: `apache.server.name` and `apache.server.port`.
Additionally, `apache.server.name` replaces `server_name` metric-level attribute.

Both features are hidden behind feature gates, but because they are important for Sumo Logic apps,

> they have been enabled by default earlier than expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
they have been enabled by default ahead of the normal deprecation timeline.
```

To disable the new features, disable the feature gates in otelcol's arguments:

```bash
otelcol-sumo --config=file:config.yaml --feature-gates=-receiver.apache.emitServerNameAsResourceAttribute,-receiver.apache.emitPortAsResourceAttribute
```

> More information about the feature gates can is [here][apache-feature-gates].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More information about the feature gates can be found [here][apache-feature-gates].
```
